problem statement: To Understand the driving factors behind loan default. to showcase the variables which are strong indicators of default. 

Data Cleaning:
1. reading file
2. check shape of the df
3. remove special characters, spaces, ect.,
2. check all columns null count sum
3. check all columns null count percentage
4. Drop columns having 100 percentage null values
5. check shape of the df
5. Drop columns having 75% null values
6. findout columns having same values and drop them (optional)
7. remove the columns which are not required as per yesterday slide (columns with costomer behavior)
8. columns with unique values can be dropped becoz one can be used as primary key (ex: id, member_id, url) common LC
9. columns with do not contibute in the analysis can be removed (ex: title, emp_title, zip_code...)
10. check shape of the df after doing above steps
11. check home ownership none values and based on that drop the columns - 
12. check the ongoing loans  (current) column posibility
13. changing datatype of columns ex: issue_d and split the column based on requirement like year and month
14. add column for approved loan amount ratio 
15. check emp_length column and handel null values for data accuracy
16. outliner removel for ex: annual_inc column
17.  



graphs:
loan amount applied
loan amount approved ratio 
loan status
gradings
grading and subgrading
emp length
home ownership
verificarion status
intrest rate
untilization rate
credit line

loan issued year and month
defaulting loan in grad and sub grad
loan purpose
annual income and loan taken purpose
annual income vs home ownership
intrest rate vs tenure length
grade and funded loan
annual income vs intrest rate
defaulted loans state wise and fully paid loans state wise

----------------------------------------------------
Salary+ Age + Loan Amount
Loan Amount + Term + Interesrt Rate
Home Ownership + Loan status
Purpose+ Loan Amount + Loan Status + Title
Grade+Loan Amount + Loan Status
emp_length+loan_status
----------------------------------------------------

Correlation matrix

Observations